those distracting thing to me is inter personal turmoil now when people
are not getting along when they're angry at each other with their
job is not be performed correctly because you're too busy fighting about
something some of that probably is because I am the third of four
children and later born children are very high on trying to keep
the family on an even keel they were at the biggest or the strongest
of the best educated ever in their life growing up because their older
siblings were so the thing they were trying to do is let's get for
what you get along it's not cause trouble so you have to hear what
I say in terms of who I am website came but basically speaking I feel
like that kind of distraction can not only keep you from doing the
work you're doing right now but kannst destroy the effectiveness
of the group in the future so when you have that kind of inter personal
problem I think there are number of ways you can fix and and we
all know the least we learned input from a little child if you misbehave
again you're not playing well with group then you need to be apart
from the group while so sometimes if you have interpersonal problems
in a group you have to Jones why don't you go on TV a to another
post and and go do something else with another group people and then
come back and go back to work with us so that's one way it's kind
of ease the tension by breaking the law second thing is the best way
to do is being an active listener good interpersonal tension get the
people aside and say what's bothering why does that bother you how
does that bother you when does it not bother and ask those questions
this takes a very strong ego on your part because if the person answers
your the thing that's bothering me you've got to think okay talking
to me about the best the marine corps has a wonderful policy
for when you get out of the they assign a senior MC overcome talked
no one thinks he's told is ask him what's wrong with the corps before
he gets out and let him tell you what's wrong with the corps old gill
the senior sergeants are all still burden they maybe do stuff I
want to do and they're all drunk all time yeah just let the guy ran
out because of the rain it's too you have get it out of the system who
gets home so Maria said how was in the core and you say we had a
great time we drank together we had fun together I enjoyed the work
I did you know my technical Bob so sometimes it's good just let people
talk it out and sometimes it's very good to get the warring parties
together and say what we've got to work together so you guys got
to figure out how can you get along and get over this whatever is causing
the